# Part 2
**Method详情**

1. 规则：
	1. 250字以上，时间40min
	2. 类型：Discussion,Opinion,Problem&solution,Two-part question.
2. 方法：
	1. Overrall (13 sentences)：
		1. Introduction: 2 sentences in 5 min;
		2. 2 Main paragraphs: 5 sentences each, all in 20 min;
		3. Conclusion, 1 sentence in 5 min.
	2. Introduction:
		1. 要求：short, fast, effective
		2. Division: Topic & Answer

**背诵点**

------------
**Introduction**

**1. Discussion**

People have different views about the effectiveness of group study **as opposed to** working alone. While there are some benefits to studying independently, I believe that group work is usually more **productive**.

题目中存在两种观点的时候，使用这种句型。as opposed to——与...截然相反，与...相对。

**2. Opinion**

It is sometimes argued that high school students should be made to do some work in their local communities. I completely agree that this kind of **scheme** would be a good idea.

It is sometimes argued that high school students should be made to do some work in their
local communities. In my opinion, it would be wrong to **force** teenagers to do any kind of
**unsalaried** work.

It is sometimes argued that high school students should be made to do some work in their
local communities. While I disagree with the idea of making such programmes compulsory,
I do believe that **voluntary** community service could benefit young people.

句型：it is somtimes argued that...; scheme——策划，计划；compulsory-unpaid-unsalaried-voluntary

**3. Problem and solution**

It is true that punishments do not always **deter** criminals **from** committing more crimes.
There are various reasons why offenders repeatedly **break the law**, but
governments could certainly take steps to address this issue.

替换词：continue to commit crimes-not deter ciminals fromm committing more crimes.

**4. Two-part question**

Work plays a **central role** in our lives, and we would all like to feel **fulfilled** professionally.
While a variety of factors may lead to job satisfaction, it would be unrealistic to expect
everyone to be happy at work.

替换词：spend a major part of life at work-work plays a central role in our lives. job satisfaction is an important element of individual well-being-we would all like to feel fulfilled professionally.


## 范文背诵
### Education
1. 什么样的教育是好的教育

There is still no **unanimous consensus**[共识] on what constitutes a sound teaching methodology. However, in the new **millennuium**[千年，世纪], the best schooling at all three levels, primary, secondary and post-secondary, or tertiary[tertuary education 高等教育], has five common characteristics: A good education encourages students to think independently and critically. It **empowers**[授权，准许] them to evaluate their teacher's performance openly. Students are expected to have their own ideas and not just reqeat what their teachers have told them. Good educational institutions aim to produce students who have **integrity**. These institutions instill not only knowledge, but also high moral values and principles. Education should recognise the correlation and interaction between various disciplines and typically adopt a multi-disciplinary curriculum. In stimulating educational environments, theoretical knowledge and pratical, employable skills go hand in hand. Schools should not be segregated on racial, gender or intellectual grounds.